Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
What is this?
Don't you have other things to do
besides this?
Sorry sir. this lane is closed temporarily.
You can turn around through the other way.
Please understand.
Go on.
But I'm gonna be late!
This is a very important package.
If this package is not delivered on time--
Who do you think will be responsible?
Geez. Okay. Just be quick. all right?
You can pass.
Come on.
What a really bad day...
Rough morning. What more...
Dammit!
As if anything else could go worse!
"TRAIN TO BUSAN"
Sunbaenim.
statistical data companies showed
abnormal stock market returns.
What we need is to take action
as soon as possible.
in order to secure our position
in the stock market.
Yes.
Thank you for the instructions.
I will do it as soon as possible.
Yes.
It will be done as you wish.
Yeah. yeah.
Have a nice day.
Come into my office.
Yes. sir?
Secure all of our assets in the stock market.
All of them?
Yes.
Is it not too risky to do this?
We could still maintain our first assets
and wait if something better comes...
Mr. Kim.
Yes. sir?
You just do what I tell you to do.
We must be careful
of the possibilities that may happen.
Yes. sir.
One more thing Mr. Kim.
What's the popular gift for kids nowadays?
Forget it. You really can't be a good dad to Soo-an.
You didn't even attend her recital.
You know I'm busy at work.
She can stay here in Seoul with me.
Just bring her to Busan.
You already broke your promises!
You're supposed to bring Soo-an here tomorrow.
Did you know that?
What are you talking about?
I can't believe you.
How can I let her go alone?
Then take her along with you.
She said she misses me.
I can't go tomorrow.
You know it's her birthday tomorrow. right?
I know!
Let me help you with that.
Thank you.
How is she?
She's playing in her room.
When are we going there?
But mom. haven't you talked to daddy yet?
I have to go. Daddy's here.
It's fine. you can talk to her.
I already hung up.
Your mom called me earlier.
I promised her we'll go together.
But before that.
there are things I have to do.
Soo-an you have to be patient.
Open it.
You thought I forgot?
Happy birthday.
Open it now.
What's wrong?
Don't you like it?
It's just like last year.
Well then.
what do you want?
Busan.
I want to visit mom in Busan.
Tomorrow.
I just told you...
We'll certainly go there
once dad is done with work.
No.
Tomorrow.
You always tell me
we will go next time but we don't.
We have to go tomorrow
no matter what.
Daddy is always working. all the time.
It's always been like that.
What did your daughter say?
She wants us to have a vacation.
Does she want to go to Busan?
Yes.
You should try and talk to your wife
when you arrive there.
Meet with her
and have a good meal together.
Talk it over properly this time.
Divorce is never easy.
especially for the children.
Think about it.
even just for Soo-an's sake.
Mom.
I don't want to talk about it.
It's all in the past.
Okay.
Don't be too busy with work.
You shouldn't always focus on work.
Soo-an is growing up.
She also needs you.
Take care of your family. especially Soo-an.
Come on Soo-an. cheer up!
It's okay. continue singing.
Please give a round of applause
to Soo-an!
Okay.
Yes. mom.
No.
I'm with daddy.
Yeah. see you there.
Hey Soo-an.
why didn't you finish your song?
How did you know?
You weren't even there.
Dad always knows what you're doing.
You got nervous. right?
Am I right?
Yes.
You know you have to finish that song.
Whenever you start something.
you must finish it. no matter what.
Always remember that.
Woah. that was close.
What's going on so early in the morning?
Soo-an. are you okay?
Were you scared?
That was really close...
Something must have happened
over there. Soo-an.
To all passengers. kindly board the train now.
The train will depart for Busan shortly.
I repeat. the train to Busan is departing shortly.
Excuse me. where is the south station?
Ah. South station.
you need to go that way.
Thank you.
Wait. Hae-yong. Your scarf...
Now everyone. keep quiet
and use this trip to rest. okay?
Yes!
Wow. Jin-hee is here.
Hey. what are you doing here?
What do you mean?
I'm coming with you guys.
-  Really?
- I'm your cheerleader.
That's awesome!
Amazing.
How are you guys doing?
Good.
- Hello. hello.
- Jin-hee. hello.
Finally!
Hey. it's rude to take something
that isn't yours.
You really hate to share.
Hey. maybe if we're lovers.
you'll be thankful and share with me.
I might even share my bed with you.
Wow. that's very tempting.
Share with her! Share with her!
Share with her!
Here. eat this.
Goodness. what year are you from?
Don't eat a lot of eggs.
You'll end up passing gas later.
I don't want it.
- Eat it.
- No. thanks.
Sir. are you on the train?
Yes. we're on the train.
The lines were busy since this morning.
The Ansan plant leak last night
got everyone frantic.
Is that so?
We'll discuss it later once I get back.
I'll be back later after lunch.
- I'll see you later.
- Understood.
This can't be happening.
I'm so sorry.
Please forgive me.
Please don't let this happen!
- Excuse me?
- Yes.
- Are you the one in charge?
There's a suspiscious man inside.
Where?
Inside the washroom.
I'm afraid something happened to him.
Yes. he's taking so long.
I apologize for that.
- Let me have a look.
- All right.
Sir?
Do you have a ticket?
Sir. do you have a ticket?
If you don't. we need to drop you off
at the next station.
Everyone is dead.
- Everyone is dead.
- What?
Hey. little girl.
If you don't study well.
you will end up just like him.
My mom says people who talk rudely
about others are bad people.
I guess your mom
didn't study hard to succeed then.
Sir. you must come with me to the back.
Sir. please. you have to get out of there.
Do you need to pee?
Well. you need to use another one
since there are two people inside.
You can use that one there.
Go ahead.
This will really take a while.
Honey. how are you doing there?
All right. sorry.
Go ahead and take your time.
Please. go ahead.
Go there. use the other one.
All right. she's gone.
Just relax now. Relax.
Miss? Are you okay?
Miss? What do I do?
There's an emergency at car 11!
Chief!
Hello?
Yes. Mr. Kim?
It's more serious than we anticipated.
It's not just an overnight Ansan incident.
I don't know whats happening.
but it's not a simple strike.
MILITARY DEPLOYED TO CONTROL RIOTS
- They say it's nationwide.
- What about her breathing?
- Hello?
I'm doing everything I can
but nothing seems to work!
Sir. what should we do?
I'll call you back.
VIOLENCE ERUPTS AT RIOT
Oh no. they'll get hurt.
That's terrible.
People nowadays will start a riot
over everything.
If this was in the old days.
they will be re-educated.
Stop saying that.
Oh my.
Goodness. just look at them...
Miss?
What do I do?
Chief? Chief. where are you?
I don't believe this...
Chief?
Min-jin?
What's that?
What's happening?
What the hell?
Help him!
Excuse me.
Everybody. run! Hurry!
Stand up!
Conductor! We have a situation here!
Conductor!
I need some help here. please!
Run! Run!
- Oh my god!
- What's going on?
Get away! Just go!
Run! Head for the back!
Get up! Hurry!
Daddy!
Honey?
Hey. Sang-Hwa! It's so loud!
Sorry. but the thing is...
Get off me!
You idiot! Go help her!
Hey!
What's up with you?
Are you crazy?
Honey?
Hey. Sung-Gyeong!
You can run. right?
CASUALTIES INCREASE
DUE TO MASSIVE VIOLENCE
Run!
Get away!
The door! Get the door!
Close the door!
Hurry!
Close it!
Close it now!
Hurry!
Just close it!
I know that man!
How do you lock this?
Hey. how do I lock this?
Hey. are you listening?
Let it go.
What?
I don't think they know how to open it.
They only attack when they see us.
What in the world--?
What are those things?
Soo-an. are you okay?
Hey. you.
What is it?
Don't you owe me an apology?
What do you mean?
Look at this chump.
You shut the door in our faces. asshole!
You weren't the only ones in danger!
What a piece of work.
Come here.
I'm gonna feed you to them.
Stop it!
Everyone's just scared.
Attention please!
Due to our current situation.
we won't be stopping at Cheonan station.
For your own safety.
please stay on your seats.
Excuse me.
Hello? Is anyone there?
Yes. go ahead.
Do you have any idea
on the situation here right now?
Why aren't we stopping at Cheonan station?
We're aware. sir.
But this is a direct order
from the control center.
Please return to your seats.
That's nonsense!
There are people turning rabid
and they're attacking others!
Stop in Cheonan. understood?
Hold on a second.
I'm so sorry.
but can she take this seat?
She's pregnant.
Of course.
Sit down.
Thank you.
MOTHER
Yes. mom?
Are you on your way to Busan?
Yes. we're on our way.
Where are you? Why is it so loud?
What's happening?
Everyone's fighting.
Are you and Soo-an okay?
Why are you breathing like that?
Are you hurt?
Seok-Woo. my son.
Please take care of Soo-an.
Mom. are you okay?
My dear Soo-an...
I love her so much.
but she only wants her mother.
That bitch!
Mom?
Daddy.
Daddy!
Is grandma okay?
What the hell?
Soo-an. sit down.
My fellow citizens.
we're currently experiencing
violent riots in all major cities.
resulting in many civilians and police injuries.
These riots led to the shut down
of various districts
and the rioters have forcibly
attempted to destroy
and take over government property.
For this reason.
we're entering a state of emergency
in order to control the current situation.
Thanks to our government's quick response.
various outbreaks are being contained.
Fellow citizens.
please refrain from reacting to baseless rumors.
and stay in the safety of your homes.
We must stay calm and trust the government.
in order to overcome such trying obstacle.
We believe that your safety is not in jeopardy.
ANALYST KIM
Mom's phone is turned off.
Those in front. hurry up!
Soo-an. sit here first.
Don't worry.
I'll give your mom a call.
Jong-Gil. come and take a seat first.
You're older than me.
You should sit.
I'm fine. just sit down.
Honey. let's go over there.
All right.
Grandma. you can take my seat.
I'm okay. you can sit down.
No. you can take it.
Dear girl.
You can have this.
Thank you.
What a nice girl.
We both got seats.
Keep walking. hurry.
That bag...
Soo-an. you didn't have to do that.
Do what?
Being nice.
In times like this. only watch out for yourself.
Understood?
Answer me.
Grandma always had aching knees.
Soo-an...
May I have your attention please?
This train's last stop
will be at Daejeon Station.
The army is deployed there
and will secure the train.
Once we arrive. please alight the train.
I repeat.
Daejeon station will be our last stop.
What are the cities that can be entered?
Yeosu. Uljin. Busan.
What about Daejeon?
Excuse me. I need to use it.
Why not?
Soo-an. wait here for a bit.
Hey. kiddo.
Yes?
Who is he? Is that your dad?
Yes.
- Real dad?
- Yes.
I was just making sure.
What does he do?
He's a fund manager.
- Ah. a fund manager?
- Yes.
He's a bloodsucker. a bloodsucker.
He leaches off other people.
Stop saying that in front of his daughter.
It's fine.
That's what everyone thinks anyway.
Do you want some?
It's what Sleepy eats.
This is Sleepy.
Say hello.
The baby's name is Sleepy?
No. it's the fetus' name.
It's like a nickname.
Because his father is still too lazy
to come up with a name.
Touch her belly.
Right here.
Go on.
Felt that?
I made that.
You idiot.
But it's true. isn't it?
Mr. Seok-woo. you called me
at a really bad time--
Wait. wait.
I just need to ask you something.
What is it?
I'm aboard the KTX bound to Daejeon.
KTX?
You're on the train right at this minute?
Yes and I'm almost there.
Is it true that the army is deployed in Daejeon?
Yes. that's true.
Is that so? Then it must be safe there.
Well... That's...
Captain Min. it's safe there. right?
You will be quarantined once you arrive.
What?
I'm with my daughter.
Can you do something
to help me and my daughter?
But the thing is...
Just do me this favor and I'll pay you back.
Don't go to the main square.
and go to the east side. okay?
I'll tell my men to meet you there.
All right. got it.
Thank you very much.
Everyone's dead.
What's going on?
It's so quiet.
Is this Daejeon?
There's nobody here.
Why isn't anybody here?
Out of my way.
What's going on back there?
This is the violent situation
I've been telling you about.
Conductor!
- Are you the conductor?
- Yes.
How many people can fit
inside the engine car?
We must uncouple the trains
and head to Busan.
- Uncouple?
- Yes!
- We can't!
- Why not?
It can't be done here.
Then where's the army?
The army...
I only received a report about it.
Where's my business card?
Look.
I'm the COO of Stallion Express.
All routes to Daejeon had been cut off.
All the buses are being rerouted.
But for what?
The city is under quarantine.
They probably won't let us in.
But Busan is still open.
We must head straight to Busan. hurry!
Wait. if what you're saying is true.
we must take the others.
- Take who?
- Let's check the station first.
Hey!
Dammit!
RESTRICTED AREA
Ignore them and let's go.
Let's go. Soo-an.
Where are we going?
We're going this way.
Just us?
Yes. let's go.
What is it?
I'm going this way too.
The main square is that way.
Just follow the others.
I'm going with you.
I heard you talking earlier.
About the two of you being pulled out.
I know the others
will be under quarantine.
That's not true. Soo-an.
I'm going to tell everyone!
Soo-an. you don't have to.
Of course. I do!
Forget about them!
We're on our own now.
Daddy. you only think about yourself.
That's the reason why mom left.
Soo-an...
Hey!
Here! Over here!
We're here!
Soo-an. stay right here.
Goddamit!
Hold on!
Go back! Go back! Go!
Captain Min?
Mr. Seok-woo!
I'm now in Daejeon.
Is everything all right there?
I can't contact my men!
What?
Hello?
Help me...
Soo-an!
Hurry! Hurry!
Get inside! Hurry!
Come on! Hurry!
Take this!
Run! Come on!
Hey. asshole! Come on!
Faster!
Hold them off!
Over here! Run!
This way! Hurry!
Here! Here!
This way!
Come on!
Hurry!
Why aren't we leaving yet?
There are still more people!
Hurry up!
Come this way!
Hurry!
Faster! Here!
Grandma!
Please get up!
Sister!
No. stop!
But my sister!
Hop on!
Me too!
Let me in!
Please!
How long do we have to wait?
We must leave now!
We can't! My friends aren't here yet!
Those onboard must survive!
Am I right?
Conductor.
Please...
Please depart.
Run! Let's go!
Look. the train!
Run faster!
Snap out of it. you idiot!
Watch out!
Control. 101 could not dock
at Daejeon due to the outbreak.
Advise which station is available to dock. over.
101. due to unstable communication.
it is difficult to advise.
Control. is 101 clear to reach Busan? Over.
101. we'll clear your route to Busan.
Control center. out.
Please advise when you make contact with Busan.
101. out.
Attention everyone.
For the safety of everyone onboard.
this train will be headed to Busan.
We won't make any stops.
Conductor. can you hear me?
Go ahead.
Were you able to contact Busan?
No. the communication is erratic.
Full speed. no matter what!
We won't get in. otherwise. Understood?
Young-Gook. where are you?
I thought you were dead!
I'm sorry!
No one else made it!
I'm sorry.
- Honey?
- Mister!
Why are you answering?
Where are you?
We're inside the washroom!
Washroom? Which car?
Well... it's...
Car 13! Get your ass over here!
Honey!
Was that my daughter?
Is she okay?
They're inside car 13's washroom.
Gonna ram your way through?
Let's say you got through and rescue them.
how will you come back?
In car 15.
people are gathered there.
CAR 9
It's only four cars away.
I'll take the lead.
You. take the rear.
And you. stay in the middle.
Attack anyone coming from the back.
I heard you're a fund manager.
That means you're an expert
in leaving useles people behind.
We'll wait until we exit the next tunnel.
Let's go.
In here! Come on! Hurry!
Let's go!
Move.
Move. move.
They stopped once we entered the tunnel. right?
It's probably because it turned dark.
Yeah. I think so too.
There are even more here.
What do we do now?
There's no way around it.
Let's go.
Hey. can I borrow your phone?
Get that out of my face.
Yo. asshole.
Felt good to see your daughter
thanks to me. right?
Are you grateful or what?
Why is your ringtone so tacky?
What's wrong with it?
How do I change it?
Am I funny? You little rat.
How tall are you?
181 cm.
10km away at 300km/h...
What?
Two minutes.
The next tunnel can give us two minutes.
- Can we do it?
- We have to. We have too...
If we miss this one.
there's another tunnel in 3 km.
I bet you never get to play with your daughter.
When she gets older.
she'll understand
why you're working so hard.
Fathers always get the bad rap
and without praise
but it's all about sacrifice. right?
What's with that look?
Did I sound really cool?
People rescued.
Heading over now.
My friend's coming here!
What did you say?
My friend from another car
is coming here.
- Who's coming?
- My friend!
He was in car 9
and he was able to rescue other people.
Rescued?
From there to here?
You're saying he survived all that?
Without any injuries?
Are you sure they're not infected?
Are you damn sure they're not infected?
What do you mean?
Look. look at them.
At a moment like this.
nobody knows
what happened to their families.
We don't even know
if your damn friends are infected!
And you want us to allow them here? Huh?
I don't believe this.
Sir.
please say something.
They'll be here soon.
Sir!
Sir...
Get over here.
One!
Two!
Run!
Jin-hee! Jin-hee!
Hurry the hell up!
Open up!
Hey! Open this door!
Jin-hee!
Open this door!
- Open up!
- Jin-hee! Jin-hee!
Open it now!
It won't budge!
I can't open it!
Smash it!
Stand back!
Hurry up!
Dammit!
You stupid idiots!
Come on!
In-Gil!
Young-Gook!
Stand back!
Stay away!
Stay back. honey.
Please. go.
Buddy. hey!
Take her and go.
Hurry and go.
I said go. asshole!
I'm getting tired.
Just hurry and go.
Please. take care of her. Okay?
I'll hold them off. just go!
I'm... I'm sorry.
We have to go. now!
Yoon Soo-yun!
That's our baby's name.
Got it?
Why did you do it?
You bastard!
We could have saved them!
Why?
He's infected!
He's one of them!
This guy's infected!
His eyes! Look at his eyes!
He'll become one of them!
Do you all want to die?!
We need to throw them out!
Those of you who just arrived.
I don't think you can stay with us.
Please move to the vestibule.
Hurry!
Get out!
Get out now!
Hurry up!
Move!
Go!
Leave us!
Get the hell out!
Leave now!
Hurry!
Jin-hee. it'll be safer for you to stay here.
No. I don't want to stay.
I'm going with you.
But...
Get the hell out!
What are you waiting for?
Okay. let's go.
Get out! All of you! Hurry!
Get out!
Get out of here!
Let's go.
Tie it faster!
More ties! Neckties!
Shut up! I'm working on it!
You've always been like that.
Always.
Always helping others
instead of yourself.
Why did you live your life that way?
What's the point?
So stupid...
Shut up! Be quiet!
Stay on your seat!
What a load of shit.
Finish up and do the other side too.
Thank you for everything.
That woman...
Stop that woman!
Control. this is Busan-bound 101!
Requesting update on Busan. Over.
Control?
Control!
Today's your birthday.
Don't worry.
I'll take you to your mom.
no matter what happens.
Daddy. aren't you scared?
Of course. I am.
I'm scared too.
I was so scared.
I thought I will never ever see you again.
I practiced that song just for you.
That's why I couldn't finish the song.
Because I didn't see you there.
Will you listen to me
when I finish the song?
EX-WIFE
The person you're calling is not available.
ANALYST KIM
Yes. Mr. Kim.
Have you arrived in Busan?
Not yet.
Where are you? How are things there?
Busan succeeded with its initial defense.
What? Are you sure?
Where did you hear that news?
Sir...
All of these started with YT Biotech.
That was our project.
We funded the plant that started all of these!
Sir...
Please tell me this isn't our fault.
We were only doing our jobs. right?
Is this my fault?
It's...
It's not your fault.
Thank you.
Mr. Kim--
Attention please.
Due to a blockage on our track.
we have stopped at East Daegu Station.
We should either wait for the rescue team.
or we will have to go to Busan using another train.
As soon as I end this announcement.
I will find a working train
and park it on the leftmost track.
What's happening?
I repeat. leftmost track.
If you're alive...
Please transfer safely.
Godspeed.
Will there be rescue coming?
I heard that Busan is safe.
We need to go now.
Is the coast clear?
Yes.
You go ahead.
We need to find a way across.
What the...?
Over here!
No...
Oh no...
What do we do now?
We have to go. Come on.
Jin-hee. hurry!
Stand back!
Jin-hee!
Jin-hee...
This can't be...
I'm sorry...
Daddy! Daddy!
Daddy! Open your eyes!
Daddy!
Daddy! Daddy!
What's going on?
Come on faster! Faster!
Faster!
Dammit!
Help me!
Soo-an. come here!
Soo-an! Soo-an!
Mister!
Soo-an!
Soo-an. come here!
Mister...
Go! Hurry!
Come on!
Hurry!
Let's go!
Hurry! Hurry!
Daddy!
Mister...
Please take me to Busan.
Please help me.
Please... Please...
My mother is waiting for me.
Please. take me home.
I will give you my address.
Please take me home.
Save me. I beg you.
You're...
Already infected.
No.
No... No... No...
No...
Daddy!
Soo-an. come here.
Sit here.
Listen to me.
Here is the throttle and the brakes.
When you need to stop.
pull the brakes. got it?
Soo-an...
Look at daddy.
Look at daddy. Soo-an.
Look at me. look at daddy...
Soo-an...
Listen to me.
Whatever happens.
you must stay with her. okay?
Busan is still safe. that's why--
Don't go!
No. Daddy! Don't go!
Stay with us!
Please don't leave me.
Don't go.
Come with us.
Don't go...
Daddy. don't go.
Daddy please. don't go.
Don't go! Don't go!
Daddy! Daddy!
Don't go!
Daddy!
Daddy! No! Don't go!
Daddy! Daddy!
I see something.
There are two subjects approaching our location.
It seems like a woman and a child. Over.
Were you able to verify the subject? Over.
It's too dark inside to see.
I can't see them clearly.
Can't see the subjects clearly.
Unable to verify.
Kill them. Over.
Two survivors approaching!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-